hey guys its ultimate x-force here today
I'm an unboxing as as you can see the ax
pro tritton headset this is compatible
with the playstation 3 and xbox 360
let's go ahead and get started so first
off I'd like to thank Noah at treyarch
he's a producer or executive producer or
something over there and he actually
gave me a tour of treyarch last weekend
or last Monday I think and he actually
gave me this so we're actually just
going to go ahead and unbox it and all
the setup video for this and there's
going to be a treyarch series that I'm
going to do a stuff that i got and what
I saw in on that so actually I don't
even really need my knife I'll just put
that off to this side take that off and
here's the box right here let's see if I
go ahead and just take this off for like
burning my eye I don't the good all
right there we go so we can pull this
out I'll just go ahead and read you some
of the things right now it's compatible
ps3 Xbox obviously pc and it has high
five audio let's go and read some stuff
on the front to you right now it has
optical digital input eight precision
speakers of individual sound field
controls optimized to a connection for
Xbox Live playstation network NBC I just
game volume separately from
communication William breakaway inline
control
and 5.1 sound 3d precision games let's
go ahead and open play them very nice so
here you've got either I think these
might be replacement speakers or these
lot of speakers i need to put it
together so I'll just put these off the
sun's I quick pull them out here let's
go ahead and pull everything out right
now you all heard it I thought sorry
about I'm taking it off the camera
really quick alright so let's go into
the box out of the way right now going
to put this baby up on the screen I'm
just going to face it towards me because
I want to right now so let's see you
let's go ahead and look at it comes in
Maryland gives you the kind of like
construction man Helbig Daniel as you
can see how to work it and everything
mmm no it's like a post here this is
really cool
let's see what I got like a little
manual here of just the different ones
that they have and you got your off
cables around here off to figure out how
to actually hook this up I'm not sure
quite yet hard holed up in here you have
your I don't know what this is is this
for like power I know what this is for I
think I might be for like power or
something I'm gonna leave that in there
the that's all about mobile and I
put it together and then here you have
like oh this must be for like I don't
know what this is for but then the power
thing that plugs in here so that's what
that actually I'm not sure what all this
actually is because i'm unfamiliar
tritton headset so I'm actually gonna go
and put it together right now and I will
let you guys know how it is and I'll
show you guys how to actually look at
that so make sure your stay tuned for
those videos and stay tuned for my
treyarch visit videos I'll see you guys
in the next video peace